With the addition of multiple TV/Streaming contracts that have been recently signed, we can only expect for this number to continue t
Soccer(football) has emerged as the fourth most popular sport in the 21st century, surpassing ice hockey.
The City of Westminster, to the west of the City of London, has been the centuries-long host of the national government and parliament.
The UK became the first industrialised country and was the world's foremost power for the majority of the 19th and
In a small number of sports, these teams are supplemented by high-profile events, featuring a combined team representing one or more Home nations.
The modern novel was developed in Britain, and playwrights, poets, and authors are among its most prominent cultural figures.
Other federal holidays are less widely observed by businesses.
The Roman departure between 383 and 410 was followed by Anglo-Saxon settlement beginning around 450.
Paleo-Indians first migrated from North Asia to North America over 12,000 years ago, and formed various civilizations.
Early efforts of the invaders to break the English battle lines had little effect.
In the first half of the 20th century boxing, collegiate rowing, and collegiate football were among the most popular sports after baseball.
For this reason, in many though not all sports, most domestic and international sport is carried on a Home Nations basis, and England, Wales, Scotland and Ireland (or Northern Ireland) are recognised as national entities.
By the mid-19th century, most of the continent had been explored by European settlers and five additional self-governing British colonies were established, each gaining responsible government by 1890.
The history of Australia is the history of the land and peoples which comprise the Commonwealth of Australia.
Torres Strait Islanders, another indigenous group, have their own cultural traditions.
Running, tennis and golf are the most popular individual sports among Australians with more than a million participants.
The modern nation came into existence on 1 January 1901 as a federation of former British colonies.
Australia is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary democracy, and a federation comprising six states and ten territories.
Australia's culture is diverse, and the country has one of the highest foreign-born populations in the world.
The outstanding political leaders of the 19th century included Palmerston, Disraeli, Gladstone, and Salisbury.
London stands on the River Thames in southeast England, at the head of a 50-mile (80 km) tidal estuary down to the North Sea, and has been a major settlement for nearly 2,000 years.
The show uses a nautical title and theme.
Together they fringe the Vale of Eden, the wide valley of the River Eden, which runs south-east to north-west across the county and broadens into the Solway Plain near Carlisle.
It consisted of two Royal Navy vessels, three storeships and six convict transports under the command of Captain Arthur Phillip.
Many varieties have a flaky crust due to the incorporation of butter to develop a flaky texture when baking.
Fitzroy was established as a member of the Victorian Football Association (VFA), winning one premiership in that competition.
Since 2009, the club has competed in the VAFA in its own right, and as of 2025 plays in the Premier B division.
It took place approximately 7 mi (11 km) northwest of Hastings, close to the present-day town of Battle, East Sussex, and was a decisive Norman victory.
Manifestations of British colonial heritage in Australia include the primacy of the English language and Western Christianity, the institution of constitutional monarchy, a Westminster-style system of democratic parliamentary government, and Australia's inclusion within the Commonwealth of Nations.
A Labour Day is observed in each state and territory, although it is varied in date.
This period saw a decline in the Aboriginal population and the disruption of their cultures due to introduced diseases, violent conflict and dispossession of their traditional lands.
Although British culture is a distinct entity, the individual cultures of England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland are diverse.
Forces of reform opened decades of political reform that broadened the ballot, and opened the economy to free trade.
The south-west contains the Lake District, a large upland area which has been designated a national park and UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Hardrada and Tostig defeated a hastily gathered army of Englishmen at the Battle of Fulford on 20 September 1066.
The term "public holidays" can refer exclusively to common law holidays.
It is famous for its landscape, including its lakes, coast, and mountains, and for its literary associations with Beatrix Potter, John Ruskin, Arthur Ransome, and the Lake Poets.
The club nickname is the Roys, having previously been the Maroons (until 1938), Gorillas (1938–1957) and Lions (1957–1996).
Basketball with 43% and baseball with 37% are further behind.
It is currently aired on the CBBC television channel on Fridays at 5 p.m.
A distinctive feature of the game is the mark, where players anywhere on the field who catch the ball from a kick (with specific conditions) are awarded unimpeded possession.
The Lions came into existence in 1996 when the AFL expansion club the Brisbane Bears, established in 1987, absorbed the AFL operations of one of the league's foundation clubs, Fitzroy, established in Melbourne, Victoria in 1883.
In terms of religion, the majority of Americans are Protestant or Catholic, with a growing irreligious population.
"General Australian" describes the de facto standard dialect, which is perceived to be free of pronounced regional or sociocultural markers and is often used in the media.
It is also the main language used in compulsory education, as well as federal, state and territorial legislatures and courts.
They include Windermere, which with a length of 11 miles (18 km) and an area of 5.69 square miles (14.73 km2) is the longest and largest lake in England, and Wast Water, which at 79 metres (259 ft) is the deepest lake in England.
The show has had a garden in both London and Salford, known as the Blue Peter Garden, which is used during the summer and for outdoor activities.
This is in contrast to the majority of other states that participate in international sports which field a single national team to represent the entire polity.
This meant there was no effective legal mechanism for holidays until the Working Time Regulations 1998, based on the Working Time Directive restored 20 and then 28 days paid holidays - however employers do not need to grant paid holidays on public holiday days.
Clashes with the British Crown began as a civil protest over the illegality of taxation without representation in Parliament and the denial of other English rights.
The club plays its home matches at the Gabba in Brisbane, and its headquarters and training facilities are located at Springfield Central Stadium.
British cuisine consists of the cooking traditions and practices associated with the United Kingdom, including the regional cuisines of England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland.
The culture of the United States encompasses various social behaviors, institutions, and norms, including forms of speech, literature, music, visual arts, performing arts, food, sports, religion, law, technology, as well as other customs, beliefs, and forms of knowledge.
The Brisbane Lions are a professional Australian rules football club based in Brisbane, Queensland, that compete in the Australian Football League (AFL), the sport's elite competition.
After the Wars of the Roses, the Kingdom of England began to flourish, resulting in the 16th-century annexation of Wales and the establishment of the British Empire.
The Lakeland fells, or mountains, include England's highest: Scafell Pike (978 m; 3,209 ft), Helvellyn (950 m; 3,120 ft) and Skiddaw (931 m; 3,054 ft).
It shares a land border with the Republic of Ireland and is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean, the North Sea, the English Channel, the Celtic Sea and the Irish Sea, while maintaining sovereignty over the British Overseas Territories.
Americans pioneered or made great strides in musical genres such as heavy metal, rhythm and blues, jazz, gospel, country, hip hop, and rock 'n' roll.
By the 1820s, the native-born colonists' speech was recognisably distinct from speakers in Britain and Ireland.
Since the United States was established in 1776, its culture has been influenced by successive waves of immigrants, and the resulting "melting pot" of cultures has been a distinguishing feature of its society.
Dutch navigators explored the western and southern coasts in the 17th century and named the continent New Holland.
It is a megadiverse country, with the world's third-largest land area and third-largest population, exceeding 340 million.
Several states and territories had their origins as penal colonies, with this convict heritage having an enduring effect on Australian music, cinema and literature.
The ancestors of Aboriginal Australians began arriving from Southeast Asia 50,000 to 65,000 years ago, during the Last Glacial Period.
British cuisine has its roots in the cooking traditions of the indigenous Celts; however, it has been significantly influenced and shaped by subsequent waves of settlement and conquest, notably those of the Romans, Anglo-Saxons, Vikings, and the Normans; waves of migration, notably immigrants from India, Bangladesh, Pakistan, Jamaica and the wider Caribbean, China, Italy, South Africa, and Eastern Europe, primarily Poland; and exposure to increasingly globalised trade and connections to the Anglosphere, particularly the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand.
Christmas is the only religious holiday that is a federal holiday.
Distinct cultural regions include New England, Mid-Atlantic, the South, Midwest, Southwest, Mountain West, and Pacific Northwest.
It is home to several of the world's leading academic institutions; Imperial College London, internationally recognised for its excellence in natural and applied sciences, and University College London (UCL), a comprehensive research-intensive university, consistently rank among the top ten globally.
The First World War, with Britain in alliance with France, Russia and the US, was a furious but ultimately successful total war with Germany.
However since the mid 20th century American football has slowly become the most popular spectator sport.
With defeat by the US, France and Spain in the War of American Independence, Great Britain lost its 13 American colonies and rebuilt a Second British Empire based in Asia and Africa.
In the United States, public holidays are set by federal, state, and local governments and are often observed by closing government offices or giving government employees paid time off.
Gold rushes and agricultural industries brought prosperity.
The artistic, musical and spiritual traditions they established are among the longest surviving in human history.
The game features frequent physical contests, spectacular marking, fast movement of both players and the ball, and high scoring.
Australian culture is of primarily Western origins, and is derived from its British, Indigenous and migrant components.
Aboriginal Australians arrived as early as 60,000 years ago, and evidence of Aboriginal art in Australia dates back at least 30,000 years.
While Australia has no official language, English is the first language of the majority of the population, and has been entrenched as the de facto national language since the onset of British settlement, being the only language spoken in the home for 72% of Australians in 2021.
Australian English differs from other varieties in its phonology, pronunciation, lexicon, idiom, grammar and spelling.
These include New Year's Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving, and Christmas.
The club suffered persistent financial losses through the 1980s and 1990s, culminating in being placed into administration in 1996, and its AFL operations were merged into those of the Brisbane Bears, who became the Brisbane Lions from 1997.
The United States of America (USA), also known as the United States (U.S.) or America, is a country primarily located in North America.
Britain contains some of the world's oldest universities, has made many contributions to philosophy, science, technology and medicine, and is the birthplace of many prominent scientists and inventions.
Some businesses allow religious employees to take paid time off for religious observances.
Australia's written history commenced with Dutch exploration of most of the coastline in the 17th century.
The total population is estimated at 607,000 people.
American cuisine includes popular tastes such as hot dogs, milkshakes, and barbecue, as well as many other class and regional preferences.
Australia, officially the Commonwealth of Australia, is a country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent, the island of Tasmania and numerous smaller islands.
The programme has featured a number of pets including dogs, tortoises, cats and parrots.
There are two significant national days, Australia Day (26 January) and Anzac Day (25 April), which are nationwide public holidays.
The deaths of Tostig and Hardrada at Stamford Bridge left William as Harold's only serious opponent.
This continued a process of increasing autonomy from the United Kingdom, highlighted by the Statute of Westminster Adoption Act 1942, and culminating in the Australia Acts of 1986.
A subset of these states form the Anglosphere, and are among Britain's closest allies.
Statutory holidays in Australia are based on varying religious, cultural and civic observations.
The most played team sports in order of participation are soccer, basketball, Australian rules football, cricket, netball and touch football/rugby league each played by as many as half a million adults.
The Lake District, also known as the Lakes or Lakeland, is a mountainous region and national park in Cumbria, North West England.
The First World War and Second World War profoundly impacted Australia, usheri
Fitzroy came out of administration in 1998, and formed sponsor partnerships with local amateur clubs over the next ten years.
British colonisation began in 1788 with the establishment of the penal colony of New South Wales.
The Acts of Union 1800 added the Kingdom of Ireland to create the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
In 1897, it was a foundation member of the breakaway Victorian Football League (VFL), the highest senior professional league in Victoria and later, as the Australian Football League (AFL), in Australia.
The background to the battle was the death of the childless King Edward the Confessor in January 1066, which set up a succession struggle between several claimants to his throne.
The Outback is more remote than what Australians call “the bush”.
Crocodile Dundee is a 1986 action comedy film set in the Australian Outback and in New York City.
The ancestors of today's ethnically and culturally distinct Torres Strait Islanders arrived from what is now Papua New Guinea around 2,500 years ago, and settled the islands on the northern tip of the Australian landmass.
Most of Ireland seceded from the UK in 1922 as the Irish Free State, and the Royal and Parliamentary Titles Act 1927 created the present United Kingdom.
It is a federal republic of 50 states and a federal capital district, Washington, D.C.
The resulting League of Nations was a favourite project in Interwar Britain.
In Australia, sport is an important part of the country's culture and dates back to the early colonial period.
In Ireland, there are some bank holidays which are not public holidays.
However, success was limited thereafter, and its last seventy years yielded only one premiership from eleven finals appearances.
They evolved into the American Revolution, which led to the Declaration of Independence and a society based on universal rights.
A meat pie is a pie baked with pastry with a filling of meat and often other savory ingredients.
Highlights and staples of British cuisine include the roast dinner, the full breakfast, shepherd's pie, toad in the hole, and fish and chips; and a variety of both savoury and sweet pies, cakes, tarts, and pastries.
Foods influenced by immigrant populations and the British appreciation for spice have led to the invention of new curries.
Canberra is the nation's capital, while its most populous cities are Sydney and Melbourne, each with a population of more than five million.
These sports, with the addition of soccer, are the most popular sports played at the youth level.
Children's television series (or children's television shows) are television programs designed specifically for children.
London is Europe's largest city economy and one of the world's major financial centres.
Spiritual beliefs endure among Aboriginal peoples.
The show is currently broadcast from Campfield Studios in Manchester as of September 2025.
Many retail businesses (especially the larger ones) do open on some of the public holidays.
Roughly 27% of United States-based sports fans show an interest in soccer, compared to a global average of 40%.
From 1871, the Torres Strait Islanders welcomed Christian Missionaries, and the islands were later annexed by Queensland, choosing to remain a part of Australia when Papua New Guinea gained independence from Australia a century later.
The club's colours of maroon, blue, and gold were drawn from both Fitzroy and the Bears.
The colonies federated in 1901, forming the Commonwealth of Australia.
However, non-Western influences, including African and Indigenous cultures, and more recently, Asian cultures, have firmly established themselves in the fabric of American culture as well.
The interior of Cumbria contains several upland areas.
The federal government does not require private businesses to close or offer paid time off, as is the case for most state and local governments, so employers determine which holidays to observe.
The core of the United Kingdom as a unified state came into being with the political union of the kingdoms of England and Scotland, into a new unitary state called Great Britain.
In 1763, victory in the Seven Years' War led to the growth of the First British Empire.
The culture of the United Kingdom is influenced by its combined nations' history, its interaction with the cultures of Europe, the individual diverse cultures of England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland, and the impact of the British Empire.
In the century that followed, the British established other colonies on the continent, and European explorers ventured into its interior.
Its ancient core and financial centre, the City of London, was founded by the Romans as Londinium and has retained its medieval boundaries.
In the Georgian era the office of prime minister became established.
The Australian gold rushes from the 1850s resulted in exponential population and economic growth, as well as racial tensions and the introduction of novel political ideas; the growing disparity between the prospectors and the established colonial governments culminated in the Eureka Stockade rebellion and the shifting political climate ushered in significant electoral reform, the labour movement, and improved women's rights ahead of any such changes in other Western countries.
Golf, tennis, and collegiate basketball are other spectator sports with longstanding popularity.
Tennis is currently considered to be the sixth most popular sport in the United States.
Additional days have been allocated for special events, such as royal weddings, coronations, and jubilees.
The battle lasted from about 9 am to dusk.
Brisbane are the two-time reigning AFL premiers, having won the 2024 Grand Final by 60 points and the 2025 Grand Final by 47 points.
Geographically, the Outback is unified by a combination of factors, most notably a low human population density, a largely intact natural environment and, in many places, low-intensity land uses, such as pastoralism (livestock grazing) in which production is reliant on the natural environment.
South of the vale are the Orton Fells, Howgill Fells, and part of the Yorkshire Dales, which are all within the Yorkshire Dales national park.
Its wider metropolitan area is the largest in Western Europe, with a population of 15.1 million.
By contrast, American football is the most popular sport in the United States with 52%.
By the time of British settlement, Aboriginal Australians spoke more than 250 distinct languages and had one of the oldest living cultures in the world.
The culture of the United Kingdom may also colloquially be referred to as British culture.
British colonization followed with the 1607 settlement of Virginia, the first of the Thirteen Colonies.
As one of the world's major global cities, London exerts a strong influence on world art, entertainment, fashion, commerce, finance, education, healthcare, media, science, technology, tourism, transport and communications.
Released on 30 April 1986 in Australia, and on 26 September in the United States, it was a critical and commercial success, grossing 238 million on a budget of 8.8 million, being the highest-grossing film of all time in Australia, the highest-grossing Australian film worldwide, the second-highest-grossing film in the United States in 1986, the highest-grossing non-US film at the US box office ever and the second-highest-grossing film worldwide for the year.
Around the United Kingdom vibrant culinary scenes exist influenced by global cuisine.
The primary methods are kicking, handballing and running with the ball.
In Australian art the subject of the Outback has been vogue, particularly in the 1940s.
Just in the year 2024, the NFL generated over $23 billion, making them the most valued professional sports league in the United States.
Politically, the country takes its values from the American Revolution and American Enlightenment, with an emphasis on liberty, individualism, and limited government, as well as the Bill of Rights
According to Ausplay, in 2024 the most practiced physical activities for Australians were walking including bushwalking, fitness, running, cycling, pilates and yoga each practised by more than a million adults.
Australia has a culture of attendance to sports with some of the highest per capita attendances in the world.
The UK includes the island of Great Britain, the north-eastern part of the island of Ireland, and most of the smaller islands within the British Isles, covering 94,354 square miles (244,376 km2).
In the infancy of many organised sports, the Home Nations (England, Scotland, Wales, and Ireland) were heavily involved in setting out the formal rules of many sports and formed among the earliest separate governing bodies, national teams and domestic league competitions.
The American political ideals of constitutionalism and federalism have also played a role in shaping Australia's distinctive political identity.
Cumbria was created in 1974 from the historic counties of Cumberland and Westmorland, the Furness area of Lancashire, and a small part of Yorkshire.
The most commonly used language is English; while no law designates it official, a 2025 executive order declares English the official language.
The Outback is deeply ingrained in Australian heritage, history and folklore.
The longevity of Blue Peter has established it as a significant part of British culture and British heritage.
They are found in cuisines worldwide.
Based on revenue, the major professional sports leagues in the United States and Canada are the National Football League (NFL), Major League Baseball (MLB), the National Basketball Association (NBA), and the National Hockey League (NHL).
A bank holiday is a national public holiday in the United Kingdom and the Crown Dependencies, and a colloquial term for a public holiday in Ireland.
In 1707 the Kingdom of England and the Kingdom of Scotland united under the Treaty of Union to create the Kingdom of Great Britain.
As more states were admitted, a North–South division over slavery led the Confederate States of America to attempt secession and fight the Union in the 1861–1865 American Civil War.
Players can tackle using their hands or use their whole body to obstruct opponents.
The Tories, who came to power in 1783, remained in power until 1830.
Blue Peter is a British children's television entertainment programme created by John Hunter Blair.
The Acts of Union 1800 incorporated the Kingdom of Ireland to create the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in 1801.
Politically the central event was the French Revolution and its Napoleonic aftermath from 1793 to 1815, which British elites saw as a profound threat, and worked energetically to form multiple coalitions that finally defeated Napoleon in 1815.
Britain has also made notable contributions to theatre, music, cinema, art, architecture and television.
Its content, which follows a magazine/entertainment format, features viewer and presenter challenges, competitions, celebrity interviews, popular culture, and sections on making arts and crafts items from household items.
On 13 May 1787, the ships, with over 1,400 convicts, marines, sailors, colonial officials and free settlers onboard, left Portsmouth and travelled over 24,000 kilometres (15,000 mi; 13,000 nmi) and over 250 days before arriving in Botany Bay on 18 January 1788.
Approximately 17% of the people in the United States follow ice hockey.
They appeared in four consecutive grand finals from 2001 to 2004, winning three premierships (2001, 2002, 2003) before again appearing in three consecutive grand finals during the 2020's, finishing as runners-up in 2023, and winning their fourth and fifth premierships in 2024 and 2025 respectively.
The county has long coast to the west which is bordered by a plain for most of its length.
There is no automatic right to paid time off on these days, or any right to a holiday at all, but banks close and the majority of the working population is granted time off work or extra pay for working on these days, depending on their contracts.
Harold appears to have tried to surprise William, but scouts found his army and reported its arrival to William, who marched from Hastings to the battlefield to confront Harold.
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, commonly known as the United Kingdom (UK) or Britain, is a country in Northwestern Europe, off the coast of the continental mainland.
Most recently, mixed martial arts has been breaking records in attendance and broadcast viewership for all combat sports.
For local government purposes the county comprises two unitary authority areas, Westmorland and Furness and Cumberland.
The UK is also the home of the Church of England, Church of Scotland, Church in Wales, the state church and mother church of the Anglican Communion, the third-largest Christian denomination.
The first of the country's mainstream sports to become established in order of their organisation were cricket, Australian rules football, rugby union, tennis, soccer,  basketball, netball and rugby league.
Formed in 1883 to represent the inner-Melbourne municipality of Fitzroy, the club is based at the W. T. Peterson Community Oval in Fitzroy North.
Meat pies are usually baked, fried, or deep-fried to brown them and develop the flavour through the Maillard reaction.
In Northern Ir
American culture has been shaped by the history of the United States, its geography, and various internal and external forces and migrations.
Transp
The capital and largest city of England and the UK is London; Edinburgh, Cardiff and Belfast are the national capitals of Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
The Lions are the most successful AFL club of the 21st century with the best frequency to win a premiership across the entire AFL competition (5 premierships in 29 completed seasons).
British culture has been influenced by historical and modern migration, the historical invasions of Great Britain, and the British Empire.
It is a megadiverse country, and its size gives it a wide variety of landscapes and climates including deserts in the interior and tropical rainforests along the coast.
It has a highly developed
The purpose of these shows, aside from profit, is mainly to entertain or educate children, with each series targeting a certain age of child: some are aimed at infants and toddlers, some are aimed at those aged 6 to 11 years old, and others are aimed at all children.
Australian English began to diverge from British and Hiberno-English after the First Fleet established the Colony of New South Wales in 1788.
America's foundations were initially Western-based, and primarily English-influenced, but also with prominent French, German, Greek, Irish, Italian, Scottish, Welsh, Jewish, Polish, Scandinavian, and Spanish regional influences.
The numbers present at the battle are unknown as even modern estimates vary considerably.
Schedule 11 of the Employment Protection Act 1975 enabled mandatory extension of collective agreements across sectors, but this was repealed with effect from 1980, and the Fair Wages Resolution 1946 (affecting public sector contracts) was repealed with effect from 1983.
Soccer and basketball, in particular have more than a million adult players are also the most popular team activities for children.
The modern phenomenon of television celebrity chefs began in the United Kingdom with Philip Harben.
With the United States' victory and reunification, slavery was abolished nationally.
Australian English (AusE, AusEng, AuE, AuEng, en-AU) is the set of varieties of the English language native to Australia.
It comprises England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, with a population of over 69 million in 2024.
Its largest settlement is the city of Carlisle.
Australian football has the highest spectator attendance of all sports in Australia while the Australian Foot
It was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2017.
It includes England's highest mountain, Scafell Pike; its longest and largest lake, Windermere; and its deepest lake, Wast Water.
Culturally, the Victorian era was a time of prosperity and dominant middle-class virtues when Britain dominated the world economy and maintained a generally peaceful century from 1815 to 1914.
Other traditional desserts include trifle, scones, apple pie, sticky toffee pudding, and Victoria sponge cake.
Throwing the ball is not allowed, and players must not get caught holding the ball.
Where they fall on a weekend, public holidays are generally declared in lieu for the following Monday.
Cumbria is predominantly rural, with an area of 6,769 km2 (2,614 sq mi) and a population of 510,680; this makes it the third-largest ceremonial county in England by area but the eighth-smallest by population.
The human history of Australia, however, commences with the arrival of the first ancestors of Aboriginal Australians from Maritime Southeast Asia between 50,000 and 65,000 years ago, and continues to the present day multicultural democracy.
The Industrial Revolution began in the UK and had a profound effect on socio-economic and cultural conditions around the world.
Its population of almost 28 million is highly urbanised and heavily concentrated on the eastern seaboard.
Victory in the 1775–1783 Revolutionary War brought international recognition of U.S. sovereignty and fueled westward expansion, further dispossessing native inhabitants.
Carlisle is located in the north; the towns of Workington and Whitehaven lie on the west coast, Barrow-in-Furness on the south coast, and Penrith and Kendal in the east of the county.
The first decades were marked by Jacobite risings which ended with defeat for the Stuart cause at the Battle of Culloden in 1746.
They also field a reserves men's team in the Victorian Football League, and operate an under-18s academy which contests Division 2 of the men's and women's underage national championships and the Talent League.
There are eight bank holidays a year in England and Wales, nine in Scotland and ten in Northern Ireland.
Additionally, Basketball and Ice Hockey saw a significant growth during this period due to the advent of television.
Easter Monday is a bank holiday in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland, but not in Scotland.
Therefore, the Normans adopted the tactic of pretending to flee in panic and then
Points are scored by kicking the ovoid ball between the central goal posts (worth six points), or between a central and outer post (worth one point, otherwise known as a "behind").
In 1770, Lieutenant James Cook charted the east coast of Australia and claimed it for Great Britain.
British colonies and dominions influenced British culture in turn, particularly British cuisine.
It was broadcast primarily from BBC Television Centre in London until September 2011, when the programme moved to dock10 studios at MediaCityUK in Salford, Greater Manchester.
Christian celebrations, namely Christmas and Easter, are some of the most significant ones observed.
London is the capital and largest city of both England and the United Kingdom, with a population of 9.1 million people in 2024.
In 2009, as part of the Q150 celebrations, the Queensland Outback was announced as one of the Q150 Icons of Queensland for its role as a "natural attraction".
When a public holiday occurs on a Friday or Monday, the three-day period is colloquially known as a "long weekend".
Harold was forced to march south swiftly, gathering forces as he went.
Following its original creation, the programme was developed by a BBC team led by Biddy Baxter; she became the programme editor in 1965, relinquishing the role in 1988.
Federation occurred in 1901 as the result of a burgeoning sense of national unity and identity that had developed over the latter half of the 19th century, hitherto demonstrated in the works of Heidelberg School artists and authors like Banjo Paterson, Henry Lawson, and Dorothea Mackellar.
The "big four sports" are American football, baseball, basketball, and ice hockey.
Public holidays defined by statute are called "bank holidays", but this term can also be used to include common law holidays, which are held by convention.
Businesses often close or grant paid time off for New Year's Eve, Christmas Eve, and the Day after Thanksgiving, but none of these are federal holidays.
Throughout the show's history there have been forty-four presenters; currently, it is hosted by Joel Mawhinney, Abby Cook, Shini Muthukrishnan and the puppet Hacker T. Dog.
The Outback is a remote, vast, sparsely populated area of Australia.
Other notable institutions include King's College London (KCL), highly regarded in law, humanities and
They are typically characterized by easy-going content devoid of sensitive or adult themes and are normally broadcast during the morning and afternoon when children are awake, immediately before and after school schedules generally start in the country where they air.
Seeking to develop a game more suited to adults and Australian conditions, the Melbourne Football Club published the first laws of Australian football in May 1859.
While Harold and his forces were recovering, William landed his invasion forces in the south of England at Pevensey on 28 September and established a beachhead for his conquest of the kingdom.
Although they are declared on a state and territory basis, they comprise a mixture of nationally celebrated days and holidays exclusive to the individual jurisdictions.
Sport is an important part of British culture, and numerous sports originated in their organised, modern fo
London hosts Europe's largest concentration of higher education institutions, comprising over 50 universities and colleges and enrolling more than 500,000 students in 2023.
The Fitzroy Football Club is an Australian rules football club currently competing in the Victorian Amateur Football Association (VAFA).
Dangerous physical contact (such as pushing an opponent in the back), interference when marking, and deliberately slowing the play are discouraged with free kicks, distance penalties, or suspension for a certain number of matches depending on the severity of the infringement.
Educational themes are also prevalent, as well as the transmission of cautionary tales and narratives that teach problem-solving methods in some fashion or another, such as social disputes.
The Lake District National Park was established in 1951, and covers an area of 2,362 km2 (912 square miles), the bulk of the region.
The history of the United Kingdom begins in 1707 with the Treaty of Union and Acts of Union.
In other sports, especially individual Olympic sports such as athletics, swimming, cycling and triathlon, or those team sports invented outside the United Kingdom (e.g.
The sport's origins can be traced to football matches played in Melbourne, Victoria, in 1858, inspired by English public school football games.
Since then, well-known British chefs have wielded considerable influence on modern British and global cuisine, including Marco Pierre White, Gordon Ramsay, Jamie Oliver, Heston Blumenthal, Rick Stein, Nigella Lawson, Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall, and Fanny Cradock.
There are restrictions on trading on Sundays, Easter and Christmas Day in England and Wales and on New Year's Day and Christmas Day in Scotland.
Australia is the world's flattest and driest inhabited continent.
Enslavement of Africans was practiced in all colonies by 1770 and supplied most of the labor for the Southern Colonies' plantation economy.
Britain has been inhabited since the Neolithic.
There are seven bank holidays common to all jurisdictions: New Year's Day, Good Friday, the early May bank holiday (May Day), the Spring bank holiday, the Summer bank holiday, Christmas Day, and Boxing Day.
Those working on public holidays receive additional penalty rates of pay.
Australian English is relatively consistent across the continent, although it encompasses numerous regional and sociocultural varieties.
In 1922, 26 counties of Ireland seceded to become the Irish Free State; a day later, Northern Ireland seceded from the Free State and returned to the United Kingdom.
There are two versions of the film: the Australian version, and an international version, which had much of the Australian slang replaced with more commonly understood terms, and was slightly shorter.
In AD 43 the Roman conquest of Britain began.
There are rules on how the ball can be handled; for example, players running with the ball must intermittently bounce or touch it on the ground.
Before 1980, collective agreements widely included public holidays as part of a standard entitlement to time off.
Sports in the United States are a significant aspect of the nation's culture.
It stars Paul Hogan as the weathered bush-hunter Mick Dundee and American actress Linda Kozlowski as reporter Sue Charlton.
It is the country's common language and de facto national language.
He returned to London with accounts favouring colonisation at Botany Bay (now in Sydney).
Since the 19th century the name "London" has referred to the metropolis around the City of London, historically split between the counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Kent and Hertfordshire, which since 1965 has largely comprised the administrative area of Greater London, governed by 33 local authorities and the Greater London Authority.
As a result of the British Empire, significant British influence can be observed in the language, law, culture and institutions of its former colonies, most of which are members of the Commonwealth of Nations.
basketball, baseball, ice hockey, lacrosse and volleyball), the United Kingdom generally participates as one nation, usually under the name Great Britain or, more rarely, as Great Britain and Northern Ireland; the latter is the official name of the United Kingdom's team at the Olympic Games, though it is commonly referred to, not uncontroversially, as the former - the trademarked brand name for the team of
The Battle of Hastings was fought on 14 October 1066 between the Norman-French army of William, Duke of Normandy, and an English army under the Anglo-Saxon King Harold Godwinson, beginning the Norman Conquest of England.
Several federal holidays are widely observed by private businesses with paid time off.
Spanish colonization established Spanish Florida in 1513, the first European colony in what is now the continental United States.
The First Fleet were eleven British ships which transported a group of settlers to mainland Australia, marking the beginning of the European colonisation of Australia.
Fitzroy was one of the most successful clubs over the league's first three decades, contesting 19 finals series and winning a league-high seven premierships in that time.
Over the 17th century the role of the British monarchy was reduced, particularly as a result of the English Civil War.
Australian football, also called Australian rules football or Aussie rules, or more simply football or footy, is a contact sport played between two teams of 18 players on an oval field, often a modified cricket ground.
In 1927, the United Kingdom changed its formal title to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and
Possession of the ball is in dispute at all times except when a free kick or mark is paid.
During general play, players may position themselves anywhere on the field and use any part of their bodies to move the ball.
As the first installment in the Crocodile Dundee film series, it was followed by two sequels: Crocodile Dundee II (1988) and Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles (2001), although both films failed to match the critical success of the original.
British cuisine also includes a large variety of cheeses, beers, and ciders.
Public holidays in Australia are the holidays recognised in law in Australia.
By 1900, the country had established itself as a great power, a status solidified after its involvement in World
Sport in the United Kingdom plays an important role in British culture and the United Kingdom has played a significant role in the organisation and spread of sporting culture globally.
Cumbria ( KUM-bree-ə) is a ceremonial county in North West England.
The United States also asserts sovereignty over five major island territories and various uninhabited islands in Oceania and the Caribbean.
Australian rules football is the most attended sport with the 2024 AFL season attracting an attendance of more than 8.2 million.
Running and walking in particular have grown rapidly in popularity with the community organisation parkrun registering more than 1 million Australian participants since 2011.
The term "bank holiday" refers to the fact that banking institutions typically close for business on such holidays, as they once did on certain saint's days.
Australia has a number of professional sport leagues, including the Australian Football League (AFL) and AFL Women's (Australian rules football), National Rugby League (NRL) and NRL Women's (rugby league), Super Rugby Pacific (Australia/New Zealand) (rugby union), the National Basketball League and the Women's National Basketball League, A-League Men and A-League Women (soccer), the Australian Baseball League (baseball), the Big Bash League (cricket), Women's Big Bash League (cricket) and Sheffield Shield (cricket), Suncorp Super Netball and the Supercars Championship (touring car racing).
Public holidays function as non-working days, with workers generally receiving full paid leave independently of annual leave.
Inspired by the true-life exploits of Rod Ansell, the film was made on a budget of under $10 million as a deliberate attempt to make a commercial Australian film that would appeal to a mainstream American audience, but proved to be a worldwide phenomenon.
It has a total area of 7,688,287 km2 (2,968,464 sq mi), making it the sixth-largest country in the world and the largest in Oceania.
The Lions were a foundation team in the AFL Women's competition in 2017, and have featured in seven grand finals in that time, winning the premiership in 2021 and again in 2023, finishing runners-up on the other five occasions.
Historically, the most popular sport has been baseball.
Macassan trepangers visited Australia's northern coasts from around 1720, and possibly earlier.
In the United Kingdom, the term is used to refer to all public holidays, be they set out in statute, declared by royal proclamation, or held by convention under common law.
The composition of the forces is clearer: the English army was composed almost entirely of infantry and had few archers, whereas only about half of the invading force was infantry, the rest split equally between cavalry and archers.
Governor Arthur Phillip rejected Botany Bay choosing instead Port Jackson, to the north, as the site for the new colony; they arrived there on 26 January 1788, establishing the colony of New South Wales, as a penal colony which would become the first British settlement in Australia.
The show is also repeated on Saturday mornings on BBC Two, Sundays at 9:00 a.m. and a BSL version is shown on Tuesdays at 2:00 p.m. For decades the show was regularly broadcast live; however, in March 2025, a fully pre-recorded format was introduced.
In the United Kingdom, public holidays are days on which most businesses and non-essential services are closed.
After Partition of Ireland in 1922, some sports formed separate bodies for Northern Ireland, though many continued to be organised on an all-Ireland basis.
While often envisaged as being arid, the Outback regions extend from the northern to southern Australian coastlines and encompass a number of climatic zones, including tropical and monsoonal climates in northern areas, arid areas in the "red centre" and semi-arid and temperate climates in southerly regions.
The north-west coast is part of the Solway Firth, a national landscape, and the south coast includes the Ca
Harold was crowned king shortly after Edward's death but faced invasions by William, his own brother Tostig, and the Norwegian king Harald Hardrada (Harold III of Norway).
To the north-east are part of the Border Moors, and to the east part of the North Pennines; the latter have been designated a national landscape.
Australian English arose from a dialectal melting pot created by the intermingling of early settlers who were from a variety of dialectal regions of Great Britain and Ireland, though its most significant influences were the dialects of South East England.
The most notable examples of such arrangements are the British and Irish Lions in rugby union (and formerly the British Lions in rugby league), the Walker Cup golf team and Great Britain at the Olympics in relation to Olympic sports ordinarily organised on a Home Nations basis.
The 48 contiguous states border Canada to the north and Mexico to the south, with the semi-exclave of Alaska in the northwest and the archipelago of Hawaii in the Pacific Ocean.
Since 1975, the club's colours have been red, blue and gold.
In 1066 the Normans conquered England.
British literature is particularly esteemed.
The British colonisation of Australia began in 1788 and waves of multi-ethnic, primarily Anglo-Celtic, migration followed shortly thereafter.
It borders the Scottish council areas of Dumfries and Galloway and Scottish Borders to the north, Northumberland and County Durham to the east, North Yorkshire to the south-east, Lancashire to the south, and the Irish Sea to the west.
London grew rapidly in the 19th century, becoming the world's largest city at the time.
Aboriginal Australians settled throughout continental Australia and many nearby islands.
The First Fleet of British ships arrived at Botany Bay in January 1788 to establish a penal colony.
Other holidays, such as Halloween and Valentine's Day, are widely celebrated in the United States but rarely include paid time off.
They were in turn defeated by Harold at the Battle of Stamford Bridge on 25 September.
As such, the sanctioning bodies of these sports (MLB, NFL, NBA, and NHL) comprise what broadcasters refer to as the "Big Four" of the sport industry.
Most federal holidays are celebrated on a Monday or Friday to create a three-day weekend.
It is the longest-running children's TV show in the world, having been broadcast since October 1958.
The region also contains sixteen major lakes.
There have been varying degrees of overlap and distinctiveness between these four cultures.
